feat(changelog): functions-added-functions-triggers-in-beta 2023-05-12 (#1648)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/may2023/2023-05-12-functions-added-functions-triggers-in-beta.mdx

---
title: Functions Triggers in Beta
status: added
author:

>     fullname: 'Join the #[serverless-functions] channel on Slack.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    fullname: 'Join the #serverless-functions channel on Slack.'
```

    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2023-05-12
category: serverless
product: functions
---

Functions can now be triggered from Message Queues hosted in Messaging and Queuing SQS namespace.

> Simply add a [SQS Trigger](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless/functions/how-to/add-trigger-to-a-function/) from the console and when a new message will be sent to the queue, it will trigger your function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simply add an [SQS Trigger](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless/functions/how-to/add-trigger-to-a-function/) from the console and when a new message is sent to the queue, it will trigger your function.
```
